# Stephen Sparks
## Hello!
I wanted to take a moment to introduce myself and provide some additional information about me. 
### About me 
I am a passionate technologist. I have recently graduated from Arizona State with a BS in Information Technology (December 2023). I have been working at Square/Weebly for almost six years (January 2024). And I have a passion for networking, information systems, and security. I currently support the Weebly website editor and Square Online products as a tier 3 Application Support Engineer. And have started work support the Square Franchise Suite which includes Square acquistion of GoParrot. This includes using MongoDB queries to modify customer sites and high level troubleshooting of of the GoParrot platform. However with my degree finished I am looking to transition into more a more technical role and advance towards a security focused career. I applied at Weebly back in Janurary 2018 in order to gain some hands on experience as I started my journey as a Self Taught Programmer. Over the years my interest have expanded and changed. Eventually I enrolled in the Information Technology degree program at ASU in Fall of 2019. I quickly fell in love with networking, Linux, information security, and information system/infrastructure concepts. There are still aspects of programming and coding that I still enjoy, however I have began to focus on infrastructure and system engineering concepts and have a genuine passion for all aspects of information security. 
#### Personal 
I was born and raised in Phoenix, Arizona and have spent my entire life here. I enjoy spending time with my wife and two kids. I also have passion for film, television, and reading. As well as a love for sports and basketball. Since graduating I have dedicated my extra time and focus to contiuning my education in core concepts including networking, Linux, information security, and programming. I love continuing to learn and improve my information technology skills. 
